Art Room
Hey, Senpai.
You're looking as gross as ever.
Gross! Gross! Grossy-gross!
Gross! Grossy-gross!
You're so gross, Senpai.
He's not that gross, is he?
Not gross.
Let's go hang out, Paisen.
It beats being around Hayacchi and
being called gross, doesn't it?
Doesn't it?
True.
It does.
That's the spirit.
The spirit.
Later, Nagatoro.
I-Is something wrong?
Nothing.
Did you bring this here for me?
I-I couldn't have you catching a cold.
Th-There happened to be a spare sheet, so...
You're not that gross today, Senpai.
Is that supposed to be a compliment?
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
Senpai's Poofball
She's looking at me!
She's going to say something weird again.
I bet you're sensitive, Senpai.
H-How?
In more ways than one.
You're a virgin, too.
You'd probably make funny
noises if I tickled you.
Like that.
What? I'm p-pretty ordinary.
I'm ordinary.
Shall we find out, then?
Wait! S-S-Stop!
I knew it. Senpai's sensitive.
What? What about you, then?
I'm not ticklish at all.
Want to find out?
Then again, there's no way
you're going to tickle a girl.
That's way too much for a virgin
like you, right, Senpai?
I-I could tickle you, no problem.
Oh, really?
Okay, go ahead.
You can tickle me, Senpai.
Mercy!
Just kidding!
Let's not.
You had creeper eyes.
Oh, yeah. There's a video
I wanted to show you.
Wh-What video?
Doesn't this video give you the feels?
A sheep?
Look at all that poofy wool get sheared off.
Isn't there something thrilling about it?
I-I guess it's kind of satisfying to watch.
Right?
The feels!
Your hair's getting pretty long, too, Senpai.
Yeah.
I haven't been to the barber shop in a while.
Do you ever get your hair sheared?
What?!
I'm not a sheep!
I mean, you kind of are.
You're going to have a hard time seeing
if you don't do something about it.
I'll go to the barber shop tomorrow.
The barber shop?
Jeez.
I'll give you a hand.
With shearing.
Why do you have that?!
I borrowed it from my brother and just
happened to have it with me.
That's all.
Lies!
Imagine how satisfying it'd be to
shear off all of Senpai's poofball!
I said I'm not a sheep!
Can't I? Please?
No!
Just a little bit?
Just the tip! Come on!
No way!
I've never had my hair cut so short at
the barber that they'd ever use a shaver!
Nuts.
Fine, with scissors, then.
I-I don't think that's a job for a beginner.
I'm pretty good at cutting hair.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
I cut my brother's hair at home sometimes.
But it's a lot of work.
I can't ask you to do that.
It's fine.
It'll be quick.
I'll just give you a trim.
Nagatoro...
Cutting my hair...
I guess just a trim wouldn't hurt.
I've got this!
I'm only going to improve
your hair just a little.
I feel sorry for you having
to walk around like that.
You didn't need to say that!
Okay, let's start.
Hello?
Hayacchi? I'll return those
math notes I borrowed off you.
Return!
Oh, you can give them back to me tomorrow.
We'll be waiting in class.
We'll be waiting—
If you have to be somewhere,
we can do it next time.
Just a second.
I'll be right back.
O-Okay.
Art Room
She's right, though. It's gotten pretty long.
Eh? That was fast—
'Sup.
'Sup, Senpai!
Nagatoro's friends!
Um, Nagatoro's not here right now.
I know.
Why are you here, then?
Sniff, sniff...
This love nest sure does smell weird.
A nasty smell?
It's the smell of oil paints!
A shaver?
Nagatoro said she'd cut my hair.
We'll give you a hand.
We will!
No, er...
Huh?
Gamo-chan? Yoshi?
W-Wait!
H-Hey!
Your phone!
Your phone's ringing!
It's okay.
It's not an important call.
Nope!
Stop!
Don't worry. I'm just going
to trim the edges.
Like Xavier!
He's spinning! Really fast!
He's a dog!
Damn it! Hold him down!
Got it!
N-No!
I said s-stop!
N-No! I promised Nagatoro
that sh-she could cut it!
You keep saying "Nagatoro"...
Do you really deserve that?
Do you?
Ahem.
N-Nagatoro...
U-Um...
I don't know what's going on,
but please don't fight.
Have it.
Let's bounce!
Don't cut it too short.
I know.
How about like Ikkyu-san short?
That's way too short.
How's about that?
Well?
Y-Yeah.
I think that looks good.
Th-Thanks.
Although a little bit of a haircut isn't
going to change how creepy you are.
Oh, shut up!
Thanks, Senpai!
It's so hot...
Yeah...
Weren't you just being worked
really hard at your club?
You should take it easy.
I know, Senpai!
Let's go get some shaved ice.
Shaved ice, huh?
That sounds good.
There's a shop I like that way.
The fluffy, poofy ice towering
over you is like...
The Mt. Everest of shaved ice!
It wasn't anything like
this last time I was here!
This shop was featured on TV yesterday.
Asanandesu
Top 100 shaved ice shops
Number 1!
Seriously?!
It was a great hole-in-the-wall...
but now everyone knows about it.
What do we do?
I don't feel like getting in this huge line.
We're lining up, Senpai!
H-Hey!
It's for fluffy shaved ice!
We'll survive it through sheer force of will!
I wouldn't mind just getting
convenience store ice cream.
Convenience store ice cream?
Made with Natural Water
Shaved Ice
F-Fine.
We'll line up.
The line hasn't moved at all.
Willpower!
Endure it with willpower!
There's a lineup behind us, too.
Are you all right?
Maybe you should leave the
line and rest in the shade.
No, I can still manage.
H-Hey! Senpai!
What are you doing?!
H-Here.
Y-You need to stay hydrated,
or you're going to get heat stroke.
Y-Yeah.
Thanks, Senpai.
Fully charged!
Fluffy shaved ice...
Want to line up again?
Nah, I'll give up for now.
Let's come back when it's not as busy.
Senpai, wait here for a bit.
You're so sensitive, Senpai.
Here.
This is for earlier.
Thanks.
In blazing sunshine
Convenience store ice cream
Is unbeatable.
A haiku?
Here, Senpai. Say "ah."
I-It's fine.
I can feed myself.
Senpai's embarrassed!
Summer break starts tomorrow.
Yeah.
It is.
Now that I'm helping out with the swim club,
that's going to be my life
for the whole summer.
Oh, yeah?
Summer break, huh?
What should I do?
I played the newest Last Quest.
And I need to watch Season 2 of Yuramiko.
And I need to finish my oil paintings.
I guess this girl won't be messing with
me anymore once it's summer break.
Can I have some tea?
Hitoen
Tea
Thanks.
S-Sure.
Hey, Senpai...
Want to exchange contacts?
I-I wouldn't mind, I guess.
I don't do this kind of thing much.
It seems like a pain dealing with read
notifications and not ignoring them and stuff.
I thought you wouldn't, since you're a loner.
Shut up.
Here.
There we go.
I got a loner's ID!
Y-You're not going to get anything
good out of connecting with me.
I don't think that's true.
I added the loner's ID to my favorites.
So now, if I ever get the sense that
you're thinking about something pervy...
I can send you this sticker!
Perv!
Isn't that awesome?!
That's just annoying.
See you, Senpai.
Yeah, l-later.
No, this was mine to begin with.
Perv!
You're such a perv, Senpai.
I-I'm not a perv!
I haven't done anything pervy!
Are you sure?
Y-Yes.
What do you need to improve on today?
Wh-What?
Your "aiee!" scream was so creepy.
Shut up.
Can I hear it again?
Come on!
Are those guys okay?
C-Crazy...